{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li3840\fi960\sl940\sa80\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs70 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Chapter 1
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 Towards the city a sound was heard from a far away distance, an unearthly scream. It was quiet, due to the fact that it was many miles away but still discernible. I woke up after the scream, I knew that I had woken up for some reason but I didn\'92t know from what. Then I heard it, a scream that was not made by any normal human being. It sounded a lot more high pitched and very agonizing or angry scream. My dad, Matthew Cullen, came rushing into the room. \'93Zack,\'94 He said, \'93They\'92re coming.\'94 I slowly nodded, then he went and woke up my younger brother, William, and told him to get dressed. Our room was lit by a small incandescent light-bulb on the ceiling. Our bunk-bed stood next to the door, and on the left side of the room our dressers stood quietly. My dad moved into the living room, a bunch of his friends had been staying here for a very long time. Some of them were lying on the couches and other on blow up mattresses. My dad only said he had them here for a reason. He had not told the reason to my younger brother, but he had to me. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 Several months ago our family was on the way home from church when my dad stopped at a gas station to fill up the car. He had a concerned and serious face on. Then he pulled me aside to the gas pump to be out of the hearing range of my brother, \'93Zack, there is something coming to Los Angeles. Many other cities have fallen but we haven\'92t heard of any till today. Something\'85 that looks human in shape but is far from it, is attacking and destroying cities. People have tried to stop them, but one scratch from those\'85 things, and you become them.\'94 I stood there wondering if he was just trying to scare me, after all halloween was in two days. \'93This sounds like the plot of some kind of movie we watch nowadays.\'94 I said, my dad looked at me seriously; he wasn\'92t joking. \'93How did this happen?\'94 I questioned. My dad was about to answer when the pump clicked and the car was full. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 That was several months ago, my dad began buying supplies after that and fortifying our house, he invited his friends over, they brought their families, and also began helping my dad make our house into a fortress. I wondered why everyone else in our city acted like nothing was wrong. It bugged me so much that I finally asked my dad, \'93They don\'92t want to believe that it is happening.\'94 He said, I thought that acting like that was stupid. Why not just fortify your house and if nothing happens you\'92ll be fine any ways. I felt a hand on my shoulder, my dad looked at me and said. \'93The reason why all of this happened all began in a lab. Scientists were working on a chemical that could bring humans back to life. They tried it on a person and it did come back to life but it didn\'92t have a soul. Then, something terrible happened, no one knew how it happened, at least they say so, but somehow the chemical that raised people from the dead got mixed with a very deadly virus. They began to test it on another person when when he began writhing on the table and screaming, the person jumped up and either killed or seriously injured the scientist and then got out of the lab and ran away. The scientists who were dead stayed dead but the scientists who were still alive, began screaming and then ran out and killed or infected anyone in their path.\'94 \'a0\'93So this is a human made disaster?\'94 I asked, \'93Yes\'85\'94 I thought for a minute, then I stopped. No reason to dwell on a mistake in the past. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 Dad went and started getting all of his guns and weapons out which included a 9mm pistol, a masterkey, a few knifes and other big guns. Our house was already a fortress with defense towers to stand out in and an electric fence around it. It had a bunch of hidden pits and electric wire on the ground too. \'93Ok guys lets go, Brendan and Trevor and I have first watch, the rest of you rest. The two other men with my dad went outside and others went to rest. I sat up to watch them, hearing those unearthly screams and gunshots from far away. Then I finally fell asleep. I woke up to a commotion, it was still dark out and the men were yelling, there was a gunshot and then silence. I got up fast to see what happened, I stumbled through the door, ran down the hall-way, walked up to the defense towers, and saw my dad with a recently shot gun. I looked over the battlements and squinted to see. I saw something human in shape, it looked like it had a very bad disease and had been ripped apart. \'93What is that?\'94 I said as a looked back to my father. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'93One of those things I told you about.\'94 He said, 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 \'93A zombie?\'94
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 \'93I guess that\'92s the technical term\'85 Go ahead and go back to bed son, everything is allright.\'94 I went back into my room, and fell asleep again.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 The next morning I went out to get some breakfast, everyone else was inside eating too, except of course, the men on watch. I looked over to the left, my friend, Dylan, was coming out of the room he was staying in. \'93Hey Dylan.\'94 I said,
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \'93Hey Zack.\'94 Dylan is the same age as me, which is fifteen, and we both loved to go outside and play video-games. Dylan finished eating and went to play his favorite video game, he was playing online multiplayer and I was watching when all of a sudden one of his friends who were playing texted. \'93OMG GUYS SOMETHING IS COMING INTO OUR HOUSE\'94 me and Dylan looked at each other. Then his friend texted, \'93IT GOT MY DAD GUYS PLS HELADSASAM<DNB\'94 We looked at his friends in-game player, he wasn\'92t moving, then he disconnected. We both knew what this meant, our friend lived in this neighbor-hood. I ran over to my dad, \'93Dad! The zombies are in our neighbor-hood, I think my friend just got killed by one!\'94 We showed him the server log, then my dad ran outside and looked towards Los Angeles. We both saw a huge mass of something moving through the neighbor-hood. \'93They look like, humans\'85\'94 I said, then realized what this meant. They were crawling over buildings and looked like a big sea of humans bodies.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs30 \'93I didn\'92t expect this many\'85\'94 my dad said. He hurried downstairs and got on his laptop. Dylan was still sitting in his chair, not believing that one of his friends had just died. \'93Aghhh no Wi-fi!\'94 Complained my dad, then he checked his phone, he did have service. He looked up something on it and then grabbed all his weapons. \'93We won\'92t survive staying here, we need to move.\'94 We quickly started packing up all of our stuff. Solar panels, chargers, food, electronic devices, traps, and of course clothing. My dad packed his special military clothing too. We swiftly ran out to the cars and packed them full. My dad had tricked out our cars with huge push-bars, extra big and tough wheels, a rack on top, and they all had plates of armor my dad had put on. My dad got in the car and tried to start it, it didn\'92t start. He flicked the keys again and it started, everyone looked relieved. We all got in and drove off, with the other cars trailing my dads. We started driving up the mountain we drove past a bunch of cabins and then all of a sudden my dad drove off the road. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 We continued this way for a while until we joined back onto a road. Then we drove up to an old helicopter hidden in under some brush. My dad got out of the car quickly and took the brush off of it. He checked the fuel, eighty-three percent. \'93Ok everyone put your stuff...\'94 A distant scream broke his sentence but everyone was already packing any ways. \'93Ok, when we start this copter we only have one chance, the \'93zombies\'94 are at those cabins we saw early. Once we start this the \'93zombies\'94 will hear us and come running, so we will have to be fast.\'94 I was still wondering where my dad got this when the helicopter started up with a loud noise. Several screams rang out, the helicopter rotor was spinning faster and faster. The screams sounded closer and closer. The helicopter started lifting off, then out of the bushes came a zombie. Trevor swung his gun around and shot it in the head, then a bunch more started straggling out. One of the zombies grabbed on to the skids and tried to get in. Trevor and Brendan were shooting them left and right until the helicopter was safely off the ground, after that they shut the doors and put their guns away as we flew farther and farther away from our house. }